OSDOCS-4369: Adding clarification about Private OpenShift cluster default behavior (#52037)
openshift/openshift-docs: snippets/snip-private-clusters-public-ingress.adoc

// Text snippet included in the following modules:
//
// * modules/private-clusters-default.adoc
// * modules/private-clusters-about.adoc
// * modules/private-clusters-about-aws.adoc

:_content-type: SNIPPET

[IMPORTANT]
====

> LoadBalancer-type services created by administrating users are publicly accessible unless they are explicitly annotated as private.

Reviewer: I think this is only true if the cluster has public subnets.  As mentioned in the AWS and GCP documentation, public subnets are _not required_ to be configured, but they _can_ be configured, and that's when services can be accidentally made public.
```suggestion
If the cluster has any public subnets, LoadBalancer-type services created by administrating users may be publicly accessible unless they are explicitly annotated as private.
```

Reviewer 2: Hey @skrthomas this might just be me not understanding the problem, but it is unclear to me what you mean by "LoadBalancer-type services created by administrating users."

Author: @mjpytlak LoadBalancer-type services created by admin users vs LoadBalancer services created by the installer. Its my understanding that the later would be private in private installs. The of a public LoadBalancer service in a private install is only with user-created (usually admins).

> If the cluster has any public subnets, load balancer services created by administrating users might be publicly accessible. To ensure cluster security, verify that these services are explicitly annotated as private.

Reviewer 3: Does `administrating users` mean `administrators` here?

Author: Yes thank you, admin user--administrator same thing. I think I can just say administrator in the doc.

> If the cluster has any public subnets, LoadBalancer-type services created by administrating users might be publicly accessible. To ensure cluster security, Verify that these services are explicitly annotated as private.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you create additional load balancer services after installing a cluster that has any public subnets, the load balancers might be publicly accessible. To ensure cluster security, verify that these services are explicitly annotated as private.
```
Recommending rewording this to use the lower case term of "load balancer". That's how we refer to them in docs like this: https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/networking/configuring_ingress_cluster_traffic/configuring-ingress-cluster-traffic-load-balancer.html 

I would recommend either using the lower case term, or explicitly mentioning `type: LoadBalancer` since that's how it's specified in the service definition. What do you think?

Also a tiny typo fix with "Verify"->"verify".
